sdk is here this is uh it's from part 8
it's been a been a while since I've done
the dark brotherhood so I thought we'd
continue we're doing recipe for disaster
so you haven't done this question you
need a little here we go back quite so
but first you'll need to learn who he is
assuming of course that the gourmet
actually is a he could be a woman for
our weed you know maybe I was wrong
about you after all and it won't is
smart enough to shut up and listen can't
be all bad it seems to be a message from
the gourmet to what I believe so
therefore Oh next you'll have to are you
still paying attention huh as I was
saying oh now off with you
alright guys I'm gonna cut out the
travel times just so that you know the
videos don't get too long and I can fit
whole quests and stuff in here so i will
be right back
alright guys so here we are we got to go
kill this first guy its first chef I
guess
yes yes for the hundredth time I am a
breton i was born in high rock and then
I came here I am NOT a rich man's
who are you what do you want
the go me
never I don't know what led you here but
nothing will betray my trust I'll take
the secret of the gourmets identity to
my grave
the dark brotherhood now now wait a
minute let's not get hasty I mean surely
my friend wouldn't want me to endanger
my own life right look his name is Bala
Gore granola he's an orc the gourmets an
orc he's staying at the night gate in
that's all I know now now you'll let me
go right
okay all right wonderful you're welcome
I'll just be on my way then all right so
let's wait until he goes back to sleep
and then we will take him out
ty erase eradicate it not even I can
take credit for that feat
alright so now we have to go kill the
other guy
it's gourmet at work I guess
all right guys here we are took me a
while to get here actually but um here
we're here so let's do this
alright
whatever it is I'm sure I can't be of
help I'm just here on holiday alright so
I'm supposed to wait I think until he
gets out of there so I can drag the body
somewhere
I fuck it will just kill him right here
then you just hold down a I guess two
dragons ugliness is me
this is really friggin hard I'm not
gonna lie right now
perhaps we should find a random stranger
to murder practice does make perfect
where the hell am I supposed to take
this guy
what would be a better hiding place
have you heard the tale of matthew
bellomont and the great treachery of
jayden Hall all right so I guess you
just drag him until you complete the
quest um I'm gonna go ahead and cut out
the loading screens and stuff and I will
see you guys when we were ready to turn
in the quest all right guys here we are
rigid turn in the quest we went and
killed both the shifts so see what this
guy says
so the prodigal murderer returns and the
gourmet
so I gathered it seems a certain orc has
disappeared which means you not only
killed the gourmet but ah and word you
performed your duties to the letter
alright guys that is the end of Part hey
go ahead and comment rate and subscribe
we all check out the rest of the
playlist um and I will see you in part 9
i'm going to go ahead and something else
as well